Civil Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Computer Science and Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Electrical Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Electronics and Communication Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Engineering Physics (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Mathematics and Computing (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Mechanical Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Metallurgical and Materials Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Aerospace Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Applied Geophysics (4 Years, Bachelor of Science)
BS in Mathematics (4 Years, Bachelor of Science)
Chemical Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Chemistry (4 Years, Bachelor of Science)
Economics (4 Years, Bachelor of Science)
Electrical Engineering (5 Years, Bachelor and Master of Technology (Dual Degree))
Energy Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Environmental Science and Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Industrial Engineering and Operations Research (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Metallurgical Engineering and Materials Science (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
B.Tech in General Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
B.Tech in Materials Science and Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
B.Tech in Mathematics and Computing (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
B.Tech in Microelectronics & VLSI (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Bio Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
BS in Chemical Sciences (4 Years, Bachelor of Science)
Data Science and Artificial Intelligence (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Abu Dhabi Campus - Chemical Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Abu Dhabi Campus - Computer Science and Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Abu Dhabi Campus - Energy Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Biotechnology and Biochemical Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Chemical Engineering (5 Years, Bachelor and Master of Technology (Dual Degree))
Computer Science and Engineering (5 Years, Bachelor and Master of Technology (Dual Degree))
Design (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Electrical Engineering (Power and Automation) (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Engineering and Computational Mechanics (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Materials Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Mathematics and Computing (5 Years, Bachelor and Master of Technology (Dual Degree))
Production and Industrial Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Textile Technology (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Space Science and Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Agricultural and Food Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Applied Geology (4 Years, Bachelor of Science)
Architecture (5 Years, Bachelor of Architecture)
Artificial Intelligence (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Electronics and Electrical Communication Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Exploration Geophysics (4 Years, Bachelor of Science)
Industrial and Systems Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Instrumentation Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Manufacturing Science and Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Mathematics and Computing (4 Years, Bachelor of Science)
Mining Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Ocean Engineering and Naval Architecture (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Physics (4 Years, Bachelor of Science)
Biomedical Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Biotechnology and Bioinformatics (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Computational Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Electrical Engineering (IC Design and Technology) (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Engineering Science (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Industrial Chemistry (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Materials Science and Metallurgical Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Artificial Intelligence and Data Science (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Chemistry with Specialization (4 Years, Bachelor of Science)
Civil and Infrastructure Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Electronics Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Physics with Specialization (4 Years, Bachelor of Science)
Biological Sciences and Bioengineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Earth Sciences (4 Years, Bachelor of Science)
Materials Science and Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Mathematics and Scientific Computing (4 Years, Bachelor of Science)
Statistics and Data Science (4 Years, Bachelor of Science)
Aerospace Engineering (5 Years, Bachelor and Master of Technology (Dual Degree))
Artificial Intelligence and Data Analytics (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Biological Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Biological Science (4 Years, Bachelor of Science)
Computational Engineering and Mechanics (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Engineering Design (5 Years, Bachelor and Master of Technology (Dual Degree))
Instrumentation and Biomedical Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Naval Architecture and Ocean Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Integrated Circuit Design & Technology (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
B. Tech in CE. - M. Tech. in Geotechnical Engineering (5 Years, B.Tech. + M.Tech./MS (Dual Degree))
B. Tech in CE. - M. Tech. in Structural Engineering (5 Years, B.Tech. + M.Tech./MS (Dual Degree))
B. Tech. (CSE) and M.Tech in CSE (5 Years, B.Tech. + M.Tech./MS (Dual Degree))
B. Tech. (ECE) -M. Tech. in VLSI (5 Years, B.Tech. + M.Tech./MS (Dual Degree))
B. Tech. (EEE)-M. Tech. in (Power &. Control) (5 Years, B.Tech. + M.Tech./MS (Dual Degree))
B. Tech. (Mathematics & Computing) M. Tech. in (Mathematics & Computing) (5 Years, B.Tech. + M.Tech./MS (Dual Degree))
B. Tech. (ME) - M. Tech. in Mechatronics (5 Years, B.Tech. + M.Tech./MS (Dual Degree))
B.Tech (Artificial Intelligence and Data Science) - MBA in Digital Business Management (IIM Bodh Gaya) (5 Years, Bachelor of Technology and MBA (Dual Degree))
B.Tech (Chemical Engineering) - MBA in Hospital and Health Care Management (IIM Bodh Gaya) (5 Years, Bachelor of Technology and MBA (Dual Degree))
B.Tech (Chemical Science and Technology) - MBA in Hospital and Health Care Management (IIM Bodh Gaya) (5 Years, Bachelor of Technology and MBA (Dual Degree))
B.Tech (Civil Engineering) - MBA (IIM Bodh Gaya) (5 Years, Bachelor of Technology and MBA (Dual Degree))
B.Tech (Computer Science and Engineering) - MBA in Digital Business Management (IIM Bodh Gaya) (5 Years, Bachelor of Technology and MBA (Dual Degree))
B.Tech (Electrical and Electronics Engineering) - MBA (IIM Bodh Gaya) (5 Years, Bachelor of Technology and MBA (Dual Degree))
B.Tech (Electronics and Communication Engineering) - MBA in Hospital and Healthcare Management (IIM Bodh Gaya) (5 Years, Bachelor of Technology and MBA (Dual Degree))
B.Tech (Engineering Physics) - MBA (IIM Bodh Gaya) (5 Years, Bachelor of Technology and MBA (Dual Degree))
B.Tech (Mathematics and Computing) - MBA in Digital Business Management (IIM Bodh Gaya) (5 Years, Bachelor of Technology and MBA (Dual Degree))
B.Tech (Mechanical Engineering) - MBA (IIM Mumbai) (5 Years, Bachelor of Technology and MBA (Dual Degree))
B.Tech (Metallurgical and Materials Engineering) - MBA (IIM Bodh Gaya) (5 Years, Bachelor of Technology and MBA (Dual Degree))
B.Tech. in Electronics and Communication Engineering and M.Tech. in Communication Systems (5 Years, Bachelor and Master of Technology (Dual Degree))
BS in Economics with MBA (IIM Bodh Gaya) (5 Years, Bachelor of Science and MBA (Dual Degree))
Chemical Science and Technology (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Electrical and Electronics Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Biosciences and Bioengineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Chemical Sciences (5 Years, Bachelor of Science and Master of Science (Dual Degree))
Economics (5 Years, Bachelor of Science and Master of Science (Dual Degree))
Geological Technology (5 Years, Integrated Master of Technology)
Geophysical Technology (5 Years, Integrated Master of Technology)
Mathematics & Computing (5 Years, Bachelor of Science and Master of Science (Dual Degree))
Physics (5 Years, Bachelor of Science and Master of Science (Dual Degree))
Applied Geology (5 Years, Integrated Master of Technology)
Applied Geophysics (5 Years, Integrated Master of Technology)
B.Tech Mining Engineering and MBA in Logistic and Supply Chain Management (IIM Mumbai) (5 Years, Integrated B. Tech. and MBA)
Chemical Science (5 Years, Integrated Bachelor of Science-Master of Science)
Environmental Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Mineral and Metallurgical Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Mining Machinery Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Petroleum Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Physical Science (5 Years, Integrated Bachelor of Science-Master of Science)
Artificial Intelligence and Data Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Digital Agriculture (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Electrical Engineering (Integrated Circuit Design and Technology) (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Biochemical Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Bioengineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Ceramic Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Materials Science and Technology (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Metallurgical Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Pharmaceutical Engineering & Technology (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Electronics and Electrical Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Mechatronics Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Data Science and Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Chemical and Biochemical Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Interdisciplinary Sciences (5 Years, Bachelor of Science and Master of Science (Dual Degree))
